README.md, before:

# Shape Graphics

Shape code for that somewhat mimics how Wheels works. 
Designed for Swing but can most likely be used with other Java graphical libraries.

To use, just take the classes you need.

## Line

The `Line` class creates a line shape. Color, thickness, location and rotation can be set. The line's x1, y1, x2, and y2 must be defined at initialization.

```java
Line line = new Line(10, 10, 70, 70);
```

The `GenericShape` class must be included to use this shape.

## Rectangle

The `Rectangle` class creates a rectangular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set.

```java
Rectangle rectangle = new Rectangle();
```

The `RectangleShape` class must be included for this shape.

## Ellipse

The `Ellipse` class creates a circular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set.

```java
Ellipse ellipse = new Ellipse();
```

The `RectangleShape` class must be included for this shape.

## RoundedRectangle

The `RoundedRectangle` class creates a rectangle shape with rounded corner arcs. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set. The corner arc size can be defined at initialization.

```java
RoundedRectangle roundedRectangle = new RoundedRectangle();    // default corner arc size
RoundedRectangle roundedRectangle2 = new RoundedRectangle(25); // specified corner arc size
```

The `RectangleShape` class must be included for this shape.

## Triangle

The `Triangle` class creates a triangular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, and rotation can be set.

This was a pretty tough shape to get working properly, as it is really just a collection of points that the class draws together, so there are several ways to initialize it in order to get the type of triangle desired.

```java
Triangle triangle = new Triangle();             // default equilateral triangle
Triangle triangle2 = new Triangle(50);          // equilateral triangle of custom side lengths
Triangle triangle3 = new Triangle(40, 30);      // isosceles triangle (height, base)
Triangle triangle4 = new Triangle(40, 30, 60);  // custom-sized triangle (side1, side2, side3)
```

The `PolygonShape` class must be included for this shape.

Commit message:

added new structure to Ellipse class to allow it to be cut in half to create half ellipses

README.md, after:

# Shape Graphics

Shape objects for graphics work.
Designed for Swing but can most likely be used with other Java graphical libraries.
Call any shape's `paint` method to draw it on any Swing component (requires a `Graphics2D` object instance).

To use, just take the classes you need.

## Line

The `Line` class creates a line shape. Color, thickness, location and rotation can be set. The line's x1, y1, x2, and y2 must be defined at initialization.

```java
Line line = new Line(10, 10, 70, 70);
```

The `GenericShape` class must be included to use this shape.

## Rectangle

The `Rectangle` class creates a rectangular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set.

```java
Rectangle rectangle = new Rectangle();
```

The `RectangleShape` class must be included for this shape.

## Ellipse

The `Ellipse` class creates a circular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set.

```java
Ellipse ellipse = new Ellipse();
```

Additionally, there's a cutInHalf field, which when set to true will cut the ellipse in half, creating a "half circle".

The `EllipseShape` and `RectangleShape` classes must be included for this shape.

## RoundedRectangle

The `RoundedRectangle` class creates a rectangle shape with rounded corner arcs. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, width, height, and rotation can be set. The corner arc size can be defined at initialization.

```java
RoundedRectangle roundedRectangle = new RoundedRectangle();    // default corner arc size
RoundedRectangle roundedRectangle2 = new RoundedRectangle(25); // specified corner arc size
```

The `RectangleShape` class must be included for this shape.

## Triangle

The `Triangle` class creates a triangular shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, scale, and rotation can be set.


```java
Triangle triangle = new Triangle();             // default equilateral triangle
Triangle triangle2 = new Triangle(50);          // equilateral triangle of custom side lengths
Triangle triangle3 = new Triangle(40, 30);      // isosceles triangle (height, base)
Triangle triangle4 = new Triangle(40, 30, 60);  // custom-sized triangle (side1, side2, side3)
```

The `PolygonShape` class must be included for this shape.

## Pentagon

The `Pentagon` class creates a pentagon shape. Fill color, border color, border thickness, location, scale, and rotation can be set.

```java
Pentagon pentagon = new Pentagon();             
```

The `PolygonShape` class must be included for this shape.
